e
right folks just a real quick uh
presentation here I got asked what's the
difference between Mark replay and am I
really doing that um obviously I teach
with a paper trading account you can see
it down here and this Market replay
thing here if you click on that watch
all these buttons
disappear and the separation between the
time and the time access on the chart
changes you see that now if I were to do
something like this
Everything
Changes that's not what I
do the buy and selling buttons are down
here they're no longer up here
so you can see it's nothing
like my
examples okay so that's that
[Music]
now contrast that with
this that's my
[Music]
entry that's me taking
profits as a partial
so we're live streaming it it's not
pre-recorded and that's the difference
between Market replay and actually
executing over life price
action I I I understand that you know
some of you just don't want to accept it
but the lady that asked for me to show
the difference between the two hopefully
you can see that when I'm buying and
selling entering with the hot buttons
over here that's to prove to you that
we're not using this Market replay
because as soon as you start doing this
stuff down here bang they go away and
the live button that usually sits here
it says that the Market's open I can't
do that here now so if I turn it
off it comes back and that's why I
highlight this right here and then I
hover over top of it because that's live
price feed you can't use that when it's
a market replay so I'm not trying to
trick anybody with Market replay um for
the folks that have in the past said you
know it's easy to do with Market replay
well you do it like I'm showing you and
for the other folks that say Hey look
can you do this in a funded account
company I'm averaging around 20,000 to
$35,000 every single day I'm
executing so my question to you is if I
did that with 20 accounts how how long
do you think those businesses would stay
open because they could not afford to
pay me $2 and. half to $5 million per
week think about it you want me to take
your candy stores away from you you'll
all hate me
then so
anyway I have the uh the remainder to
see if we can reach up here and swipe
that
9,694 25 level it's a quadruple top I've
already booked the exam here so that way
we can see it but uh the stop I'll leave
down here if it comes back and stops me
out while I'm having cookout today so be
it but you got a you got a chance to see
the difference
between U Market replay and a real live
execution so no I do not use Market
Replay in any of my examples you saw the
difference the whole screen shown here
and I can't make any plan of that the
only reason why I showed it is because
the lady was very respectful in the way
she asked it